# Longtail-ERP
ERP for Small Business

Desktop ERP for Small Business

Almost every new business starts out managing from the hip. Successful companies, however, soon outgrow the systems they started with and begin the careful search for a small business software that is affordable, easy to use, and built to last. Longtail ERP is a small business ERP is used to describe a lightweight business management software that is designed to meet the needs of a small business. Longtail ERP is desktop based ERP application which automates your core business processes such as helps to manage Quotation, Billing & Invoices, Products Stocks, Account, Expenses, Purchase & Sales, Reports and much more. Implementing Longtail ERP save time and money to your business and you can manage your business with your rules and business agility.

Longtail ERP is an ideal small business ERP software solution for growing small business manufacturing and distribution organizations. Longtail ERP delivers a complete small business ERP solution to manage a small business’s entire operations. Unlike many stand-alone small business software solutions, Longtail ERP is a fully-integrated small business ERP system that provides comprehensive software functionality. Longtail ERP increase sales efficiency, track payments made and analyze customer’s buying pattern to understand seasonal trends. It gains complete and real-time insights into companies purchase, suppliers and payment process. Longtail ERP monitor existing stock and reduce inventory overstock/ stock-out situation and optimize inventory holding cost and wastage. Longtail ERP accounting maintain all taxes and generate financial reports automatically and reduce human error associated with manual accounting entries.

Longtail ERP for Small Business has following exciting features:

Master Entries
Transaction
Manage Employee & Customer
Stock
Accounts
Configuration
Quotation
Purchase
Sales
Point of Sale
Billing (Thermal printing)
Expenses
Monitoring
Collection Reports
Reports & Graphs

Categories: Enterprise Application, Retail Management / 
Tags: Desktop ERP for Small Business, Desktop ERP source code, ERP for Manufacturing Companies, ERP for Retail Business, ERP for Shopping Malls, ERP Software

YouTube Videos:
Part1: https://youtu.be/u0E_R7CjI0Q
Part2: https://youtu.be/-CX7PdCwMM4
